hey youtube this musical kiss 11 this is
my new client I oh she has some crochet
braids but she can't really tell because
it's so full we used hair buy this is
Janet closer anything equal okay so
hair by equal it's an afro kinky
synthetic hair we didn't use Marley this
time she wanted to make it look more
like the Marley hair that I had and this
looks amazing
even on camera we thinned it out a lot
we actually put in two packs and I went
in and cut out about half a pack so I've
been down a little bit
I'll have pictures of the braid pattern
but basically I did like these in two
sections
close together and they're connected by
larger braids inside and these are
larger on a slant on the corner turn
around her hair is about this color this
is a number four it looks very dark on
camera but - number four so what I did
was you know put them in put them in big
braids I did about six big braids dipped
in hot water because this is afro kinky
hair of course it's not going to look
like the cheaper kinds of hair where
when you braid it and dip it in hot
water a rod set it it's like really
curly like Cheryl typical cars this
looks more like a natural afro it was
very so much of the way her hair looks
okay so turn this way yeah so that's the
way it looks I think it looks so pretty
on her she definitely has the face for
it and the way pictures a follow
so we'll see you guys later bye
you
book me that their mother free yourself
or you sleep